---
title: Privacy Policy
---

## **_I. Introduction_**

AnswerAI, Inc. (“Company,” or “we,” “us” and “our”) values your privacy and is committed to maintaining your trust. We provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personally identifiable information received from visitors to and/or users of the Company’s website located at https://theanswer.ai (the "Website"), mobile application (“App”), and provision of services online. Specifically, the Company provides a generative artificial intelligence (“AI”) services that offers a comprehensive solution for teams to train datasets, create contextually relevant prompts, and capitalize on their enterprise data (collectively, the "Services"), through its Website and/or mobile application (“App”).

## **_II. Collection, Use, Processing, and Sharing of Personal Information_**

**_Legitimate Business Interest in Personal Information_**. Our use of your Personal Information is based on the legitimate business grounds that:

-   The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under our Terms of Service or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account – for example, in order to enable access to our Website or App on your device or charge you for our Services;
-   The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation;
-   The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person or entity;
-   We have a legitimate interest in using your information – for example, to provide and update our Website, App, or Services, to improve our Website, App, or Services so that we can offer you an even better user experience, to safeguard our Website or Services, to communicate with you, to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising, and better understand user retention and attrition, to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services, and to personalize your experience; and/or
-   You have given us your consent.

**_Collection of Personal Information_**. The Company may collect the following information that could be used to identify you (“Personal Information”):

-   User Account Information: Information provided by you to create an account with us, including your name, email address, postal address, phone number, account credentials, payment card information, and transaction history.
-   User Content: Information collected by the Company in your use of our Website, App, or Services, including but not limited to user input, feedback, and document uploads.
-   Company Communications: Information provided by you as part of your communications with the Company, including your name and contact information.
-   User Interaction Data: Information automatically received by us when you use our Website, App, or Services, including device information, browser log data, user engagement and analytics data which may contain Personal Information such as your internet protocol address.
-   Third Party Information: We also may obtain your Personal Information from third parties, such as third parties with whom we affiliate in providing the Company’s services. If you provide the Company with Personal Information about third parties, you warrant to the Company that any Personal Information that you provide to the Company about any third party individuals was obtained by you with full consent, that you have the legal authority to provide us with such information, and that the individual has not communicated to you that they wish to opt out of receiving communications from the Company or having the Company collect information about them.

**_Use of Personal Information_**. The following information applies to anyone who shares with us their or a third-party’s Personal Information. We may use, process and/or share Personal Information:

-   To respond to your inquiries and your requests regarding our Website, App, or Services.
-   To send you information regarding our services and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
-   To complete your account registration, process your payments, and communicate with you regarding your purchase of our Services.
-   To send you marketing communication and newsletters about our Services.
-   To personalize your experience on our Website and App.
-   To inform you and allow you to participate in our Company’s promotions.
-   To facilitate social sharing functionality.
-   To collaborate with business affiliates, partners, vendors, or service providers to provide you with our Services.
-   In connection with our business purposes, as described above, including but not limited to data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing or enhancing new and existing products and/or services, expanding our business activities, etc.
-   To comply with our legal obligations (_e.g,_. in response to a subpoena), investigate claims, or comply with a government request.
-   To protect the privacy, safety, or property of you, the Company, and/or third parties, investigate fraud.
-   To allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
-   To enforce our user agreements, including this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.

**_Use of Aggregated or De-Identified Personal Data_**. The Company may also collect and aggregate or de-identify Personal Information to improve and analyze our Services, and may share such aggregated de-identified information statistics with third parties, publish such aggregated information, or make such aggregated information generally available to improve our Services via machine learning models. Company maintains such aggregate information in a de-identified form and will not attempt to re-identify your Personal Information unless required to do so by law.  
**\*We Will Not Use And/Or Share Your Personal Information\*\*\***:\*\*

-   With anyone except for our Company’s authorized service providers, business affiliates, and business partners, including but not limited to Google, AWS, Vercel, Pinecone.io, and strictly for business purposes; or unless we specifically inform you, and give you an opportunity to opt out of sharing your Personal Information.
-   To run interest-based advertising campaigns that collect Personal Information such as email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card numbers.
-   To use or associate Personal Information with remarketing lists, cookies, data feeds, or other anonymous identifiers.
-   To use or associate targeting information, such as demographics or location, with any Personal Information collected from the ad or its landing page.
-   To share any Personal Information with Google or third party companies through our remarketing tag or any product data feeds which might be associated with our ads.
-   To send Google or third party companies precise location information without obtaining your consent.

## **_III. Collection and Use of Other Information_**

**_Aggregated Personally Non-Identifiable Information_**: We may collect personally non-identifiable information, including but not limited to demographic data, age, education level, profession, geographic location or gender, from you at the time of registration on our Website or App, or when you choose to use our Website, App, or Services. This information is not, by itself, sufficient to identify or contact you. The Company may store such information, or it may be included in databases owned and maintained by partners, affiliates, agents, or service providers of the Company. The Company may use such information and pool it with other information to track data related to growing the business, such as the total number of visitors to our Website or App and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers.  
The Company may analyze your Personal Information provided through the Website or in connection with rendering the Services, in aggregate form. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. We may share this aggregate data with our partners, affiliates, agents, or service providers for business purposes. We may also disclose aggregated statistics to explain our Services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful, business-related purposes.  
**\*Location-Based Information**.\* Our Service may use location-based services in order to locate you so we may verify your location, deliver you relevant content based on your location as well as to share your location with our vendors as part of the location-based services we offer. We may, from time to time, provide settings in the Services that permit you to disable location-based services. Changing setting options may not result in immediate changes to the settings, which are subject to our operations and maintenance schedules. Users should carefully consider the use of such settings to improve information display options and to ensure the settings are properly set and functioning in the manner desired. Notwithstanding the availability of privacy preference settings, you should be aware that these settings are for convenience only, do not employ complex data security protection and may not be error free. However, please note that we will only directly provide third parties we work with access to your exact location information if you first give us permission to do so. You should consider the risks involved in disclosing your location information to other people.  
**_Passively Collected Information_**. Your visit to our Website or App may allow us to obtain certain additional, personally non-identifiable information that is collected passively using various technologies. This information includes but is not limited to, for example browser types, date and time of page views, location information associated with your IP address, domain names, your interactions to an ad delivered by us or our ad technology partners and other anonymous statistical data involving your use of the Website and/or our services. This information cannot presently be used to specifically identify you.  
**_Customer Credit Card Information._** The Company may use a third party payment processor, Stripe, to process payments on its Website for Services rendered. Stripe uses and processes your payment information in accordance with Stripe’s Privacy Policy (https://stripe.com/privacy/). The Company does not store or save your payment information, other than your zip code and country, which we require for billing and to comply with tax and other government regulations. By purchasing the Services of the Company, you herein agree to the Privacy Policy and Legal Terms of Stripe.com, located at [https://stripe.com/privacy/](https://stripe.com/privacy/) and [https://stripe.com/legal](https://stripe.com/legal).  
**\*Website Tracking\*\*\***.\*\* We may, either directly or through third party companies and individuals we engage to provide services to us, also:

-   Track your use of our Website and the Services for purposes of our own customer support, analytics, research, product development, fraud prevention, risk assessment, regulatory compliance, investigation, etc.
-   Track your use of the Website and the Services to enable you to use and access the Services and pay for your activities on the Website and through the Services.
-   Track your behavior on our own Website and use of the Services to market and advertise our services to you on our Website platform and third party websites. You may opt out of receiving advertisements by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative ([http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/)) and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance ([http://www.aboutads.info/choices/](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/)). Please note that even if you choose to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising, you may still receive advertising on the Services, generally. The advertising will simply not be targeted or specific to your interests.

**_Tracking Technologies on our Website._** The Company may use the foregoing technologies to track your activity on our Website or App:  
**\*Cookies**.\* When you visit our Website, App, or otherwise interact with the Service, we may send one or more “cookies” to your computer or other devices. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers stored on your computer through your web browser and are used by most websites to help personalize your web experience. Some cookies may facilitate additional site features for enhanced performance and functionality such as remembering preferences, allowing social interactions, analyzing usage for site optimization, providing custom content, allowing third parties to provide social sharing tools, and serving images or videos from third party websites. Some features on this site will not function if you do not allow cookies. We may link the information we store in cookies to any Personal Information that you submit while visiting our Website.  
We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.  
Functional cookies, persistent and session type, store information to enable core site functionality, such as Live Chat and Client ID remembrance.  
Analytics cookies allow us to count page visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site and our marketing campaigns.  
Advertising cookies may be set through our Website by our advertising partners. Data may be collected by these companies that enable the companies to serve up advertisements on other sites that are relevant to your interests.  
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. You may also wish to refer to [http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html).  
If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but some features on the site will not function properly.  
**\*Web Beacons**.\* Web beacons are electronic files that signal when a webpage, advertisement, video, other content, an email or newsletter has been viewed. They are usually invisible to you. We may use web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about our Service. Web beacons may be used within the Service to track email open rates, web page visits or form submissions. In some cases, we tie the information gathered by web beacons to your Personal Information to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and our marketing campaigns.  
**\*Log Files**.\* A Log File is a file that records either events that occur in an operating system or other software runs, or messages between different users of a communication software. Log file information is automatically reported by your browser or mobile application each time you access the Website, App, or our Services. Along with cookies and web beacons, log files help provide additional functionality to the Website and Services and help us analyze Website, App, and Services usage more accurately. We and our third party tracking-utility partners may use log files on our Service to gather automatically gather and store information including, but not limited to, internet protocol (“IP”) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data, for business purposes. You can find further information regarding our use of third party tracking, including use of cookies and load files, in Section XI below.  
**_Embedded Scripts._** An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Service, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Service, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.  
**_Browser Fingerprinting._** Collection and analysis of information from your Device, such as, without limitation, your operating system, plugins, system fonts and other data, for purposes of identification.

## **_IV. Retention, Modification, and Erasure of Personal Information_**

**\*Data Retention and Erasure**.\* We will retain your Personal Information for as long as needed to provide the applicable Services, or for a minimum period of four (4) years. If, at any time after agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you: (1) change your mind about receiving information from us; (2) wish to revoke permission for us to retain Personal Information; (3) wish to object to the processing of your Personal Information; or (4) wish for us to erase a copy of your Personal Information, please make a request to the Company at info@theanswer.ai.  
If you request erasure of your data, we may retain some of your Personal Information only for legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection, prevention, and enhancing the safety of our Website or App, in an aggregated and non-personally identifiable form as set forth herein, and/or to comply with our legal obligations, specifically our tax, legal reporting, and auditing obligations.  
**\*Data Accuracy and Corrections to Personal Information**.\* To request an update or correction regarding your Personal Information, please make a request to the Company at info@theanswer.ai. Company will issue a response to you within 30 days regarding compliance as it relates to your Personal Information.  
Please note that Company’s Services include machine learning, so some predictive or algorithmic-based outputs may not be factually accurate. In some instances, it may not be technologically practicable to correct the inaccuracies involving a user’s Personal Information. In such instances, you may request that we remove your Personal Information from as set forth in this Privacy Policy.  
Please see our FAQ page for information regarding how we collect data to inform and train our algorithmic models.  
**_Our Response to Your Requests_**. If you make any requests regarding your Personal Information, we will not charge you for compliance with the request. The Company will respond and comply within 30 days. The Company reserves the right to refuse or charge for requests that are **manifestly unfounded or excessive**. If we refuse your request, we will tell you why we are refusing your request. You have the right to complain to the relevant supervisory authority and to a legal remedy, but you must do so within one month of our refusal.  
**_Data Controller_**. With the exception of processing payments, for which Stripe.com is the Payments Data Controller; the Company is the “data controller,” as defined under the GDPR, or the legal entity which determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Information of the customers of the Company and visitors to its Website. The Company is responsible for collecting your consent, managing consent-revoking, enabling right to access, etc. If you wish to revoke consent for us to store, use, or share your Personal Information, you may contact us at info@theanswer.ai.  
**_Data Processor._** The Company is the “data processor," as defined under the GDPR, or the legal entity which processes, as this term is defined here in footnote 1, your Personal Information. The Company has not retained any third-party service provider to process your Personal Information. Any processing of Personal Information shall be done solely by the Company. The Company maintains records of any processing activities it performs, and is able to show how the Company complies with the data protection principles under the GDPR. It has effective policies and procedures in place. If you have questions regarding the processing of your Personal Data, you may contact us at info@theanswer.ai.  
**_Data Protection Officer._** The Company is not formally required to designate a Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) because it is not: (1) a public authority; (2) an organization that carries out regular and systematic monitoring of individuals on a **large scale**; or (3) an organization that carries out **large scale** processing of special categories of data, such as health information or information about criminal convictions. You may contact Brad Taylor, President/CEO of the Company. Brad Taylor is responsible for data protection compliance and can answer any questions you may have about your Personal Information. Brad Taylor may be reached at info@theanswer.ai.  
**_Breach_**. The Company has reasonable internal policies and procedures in place to effectively detect, report, and investigate a data breach. The GDPR defines a Personal Information breach as “a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Information.” Pursuant to the GDPR, the Company will notify you of a Personal Information breach where the Personal Information breaches are likely to present a risk to data subjects to data protection authorities (“DPAs”) without undue delay, and within 72 hours if feasible, after becoming aware of the breach; and communicate high-risk breaches to affected data subjects without undue delay. In the unfortunate event of breach, the Company shall provide you with: (i) contact details of the DPO or other contact person for the Company, (ii) a description of the nature of the breach, (iii) likely consequences of the breach, (iv) measures the Company has taken or proposes to take to address the breach, and (v) advice on steps data subjects can take to protect themselves.

## **_V. General Data Protection Regulations_**

This Company is headquartered in California. As a California-based company, we do not knowingly advertise in the European Union (EU), or market our Services to residents of the EU. However, our Website and/or App do not restrict visitors from the EU; we do not have in place any protections to prevent EU residents from accessing our Website and/or App. As a result, we provide the foregoing disclosure to EU data subjects.  
The Company’s processing of the Personal Information, such as the name, address, email address, or telephone number of an EU data subject (hereinafter, “Personal Information” or “Personal Data”) that is voluntarily supplied by the individual, or supplied by an authorized third party, shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the Company.  
By means of this Privacy Policy, our Company would like to inform you of the nature, scope, and purpose of the Personal Information we collect, use and process, as defined herein. Specifically, if you are an EU data subject visiting our Website or downloading our App, you are hereby informed, by means of this section of our Privacy Policy, of the rights to which you are entitled, and the recourse you may seek if you have any questions regarding the collection, use, and processing of Personal Information by the Company. You may email us with requests at info@theanswer.ai.  
**_Your Privacy Rights under the GDPR._** The GDPR includes the following rights for you, as an EU data subject, if you provide Personal Information to the Company in connection with accessing the Services or visiting our Website or App:

-   The right to be informed about how we store, use, or share your data;
-   The right to access your data;
-   The right to rectify your data;
-   The right to have us erase your data;
-   The right to prevent us from processing your data;
-   The right to request copies of your data from us in a commonly-used and machine-readable format, free of charge, for the purposes of transfer to a third party, where technically feasible;
-   The right to object to use or sharing of your data; and
-   The right not to be subject to automated decision-making, including profiling

**_Note: Data Protection Impact Assessment (DPIA)._** The Company is not required to undergo a DPIA because the Company’s data processing is not likely to result in a high risk to data subjects, such as in cases where: (1) new technology is being deployed; (2) profiling operations may significantly affect individuals; or (3) processing is on a **large scale** and involves special categories of data. If you have any questions regarding DPIA compliance by the Company, you may contact us at info@theanswer.ai.  
**_Complaints._** Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, every EU data subject shall have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of his or her habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement of the data subject considers that the processing of Personal Information relating to him or her infringes this Regulation.**_III. Use, Processing, and Sharing of Personal Information_**

### **Collection of Personal Information**

The Company collects the following information that could be used to identify you (“Personal Information”):

-   User Account Information: Information provided by you to create an account with us, including your name, email address, postal address, phone number, account credentials, payment card information, and transaction history.
-   User Content: Information collected by the Company in your use our Website, App, or Services, including but not limited to user input, feedback, and document uploads.
-   Company Communications: Information provided by you as part of your communications with the Company, including your name and contact information.
-   User Interaction Data: Information automatically received by us when you use our Website, App, or Services, including your internet protocol address, device information, and location information collected as part of your browser log data and user engagement and analytics data.
-   Third Party Information: We may obtain your Personal Information from third parties, such as third parties with whom we affiliate in providing the Company’s services. If you provide the Company with Personal Information about third parties, you warrant to the Company that any Personal Information that you provide to the Company about any third party individuals was obtained by you with full consent, that you have the legal authority to provide us with such information, and that the individual has not communicated to you that they wish to opt out of receiving communications from the Company or having the Company collect information about him or her.

### **Use of Personal Information**

The following information applies to anyone who shares with us his, her, or a third-party’s Personal Information. We may use, process, and/or share Personal Information:

-   To respond to your inquiries and your requests regarding our Website, App, or Services.
-   To send you information regarding our services and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
-   To complete your account registration, process your payments, and communicate with you regarding your purchase of our Services.
-   To send you marketing communication and newsletters about our Services.
-   To personalize your experience on our Website and App.
-   To inform you and allow you to participate in our Company’s promotions.
-   To facilitate social sharing functionality.
-   To collaborate with business affiliates, partners, vendors, or service providers to provide you with our Services.
-   In connection with our business purposes, as described above, including but not limited to data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing or enhancing new and existing products and/or services, expanding our business activities, etc.
-   To comply with our legal obligations (_e.g,_. in response to a subpoena), investigate claims, or comply with a government request.
-   To protect the privacy, safety, or property of you, the Company, and/or third parties, investigate fraud.
-   To allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
-   To enforce our user agreements, including this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.

We will not use and/or share your Personal Information:

-   With anyone except for our Company’s authorized service providers, business affiliates, and business partners, including but not limited to Google, AWS, Vercel, Pinecone.io, and strictly for business purposes; or unless we specifically inform you, and give you an opportunity to opt out of sharing your Personal Information.
-   To run interest-based advertising campaigns that collect Personal Information such as email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card numbers.
-   To use or associate Personal Information with remarketing lists, cookies, data feeds, or other anonymous identifiers.
-   To use or associate targeting information, such as demographics or location, with any Personal Information collected from the ad or its landing page.
-   To share any Personal Information with Google or third party companies through our remarketing tag or any product data feeds which might be associated with our ads.
-   To send Google or third party companies precise location information without obtaining your consent.

**_Protected Health Information (“PHI”) and HIPAA._** The Federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) provides specific protections for the privacy and security of Protected Health Information (“PHI”) and restricts how PHI is used and disclosed by Covered Entities and its Business Associates.  
COMPANY IS NOT A COVERED ENTITY OR A BUSINESS ASSOCIATE AND DOES NOT INTEND TO OPERATE AS A COVERED ENTITY OR BUSINESS ASSOCIATE AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED UNDER HIPAA. ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE TO THE COMPANY IS NOT CONSIDERED PHI UNDER HIPAA.  
Company’s Website and App is not intended to be used to communicate protected health information in accordance with our Terms of Service. Should you decide to share information regarding your past, present, or future physical or mental health conditions, we cannot guarantee that your information sent through this Website, App, or transmitted to us via any other platforms we use to offer you Services, including but not limited to Zoom.com, will be kept secure and protected. If you share any such information through the Website, App, or via any other avenue we use to provide you with Services, you herein agree that you do so at your own risk.  
**California “Shine the Light” Law**. Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California customers are entitled to request information relating to whether a business has disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. This code section applies to businesses with 20 or more full or part-time employees. **At this time, the Company does not need to comply with this law, but does so voluntarily in an effort to assure you that we value your privacy.**  
You may request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, certain information about the Personal Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of Personal Information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to info@theanswer.ai.  
**California Consumer Privacy Act**. Organizations who are subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) must provide a clear and conspicuous link titled “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” on their homepage and in their privacy policy in order to meet the requirements of the new CA privacy law effective as of January 1, 2020\. The law applies to businesses with over $25 million in revenue, those handling information from 50,000 consumers, or deriving 50%+ annual revenue from selling consumer personal information. **At this time, the Company does not need to comply with this law, but does so voluntarily in an effort to assure you that we value your privacy.**  
You may opt out of the Company’s sale of your personal information at any time by emailing us at info@theanswer.ai. Under the CCPA, “personal information” is defined to include information that identifies or relates to a particular consumer or household including, but not limited to, name, postal address, email address, IP address, social security number, personal property records, purchasing histories, biometric information, internet activity such as browsing or search history, geolocation data, employment information, education information and inferences drawn from this information, in so far as it is not publicly available information. The Company’s “sale” of personal information is broadly defined by the law to include selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. In other words, most business to business transfers of personal information will fall within the definition of a sale.  
The Company has provided visitors to our Website with a link to an Internet Web page on our Website enabling visitors to opt out of the “sale” of their “personal information.” Our Website also contains a recognizable and uniform opt-out logo or button to promote consumer awareness of the option to opt-out. Please feel free to access both for more information and to effectively opt out.  
Additionally, If you are a California resident age 16 or older, as of January 1, 2020, the CCPA gives you certain rights with respect to the processing of your personal information.

1. **RIGHT TO KNOW REQUEST** \- Under the CCPA, you may have a right to request information about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information over the prior 12 months, and ask that we provide you with the following information:

-   Categories of and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
-   Categories of sources from which we collect personal information.
-   Purposes for collecting, using, or selling personal information.
-   Categories of third parties with which we share personal information.
-   Categories of personal information disclosed about you for a business purpose.
-   If applicable, categories of personal information sold about you and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to which the personal information was sold.

1. **RIGHT TO DELETE REQUEST** \- You may also have a right to request that we delete personal information within 45 days, subject to certain exceptions. They can be invoked if it is necessary for the Company to maintain the personal information pursuant to the exception.

-   Transactional: Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by the consumer, or reasonably anticipated within the context of a business’s ongoing business relationship with the consumer, or otherwise perform a contract between the business and the consumer.
-   Security: Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
-   Errors: Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
-   Free Speech: Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.
-   CalECPA Compliance: Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act
-   Research in the Public Interest: Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the businesses’ deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, if the consumer has provided informed consent.
-   Expected Internal Uses: To enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the expectations of the consumer based on the consumer’s relationship with the business.
-   Legal Compliance: Comply with a legal obligation.
-   Other Internal Uses: Otherwise use the consumer’s personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which the consumer provided the information.

1. **DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR BUSINESS PURPOSE** \- In the preceding 12 months, we may have disclosed certain personal information to the categories of recipients listed in Section II of this Privacy Policy for one or more business purposes. If you are a California resident 16 years of age or older and would like to make a verifiable request for information about the personal information we have collected about you or a request for deletion of such personal information, please submit your request in writing to info@theanswer.ai.

## **_VI. Children_**

The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA) and its accompanying FTC regulation protects the privacy of American children aged 13 and under, who are using the Internet. The GDPR sets the age at which an EU child can give their own consent in order to process their Personal Data at 16 years of age.  
The Website, App, and our related Services are not intended for anyone under 16, and we do not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 16\. Anyone aged 16 or under should not submit any Personal Information without the permission of their parents or guardians. Parents or guardians may, on behalf of their children, submit their children’s Personal Information. By using the Website and our related Services, you are representing that you are at least 16 years old and that you have the relevant legal authority to submit your Personal Information or that of a third-party minor, to the Company or on the Company’s Website.

## **_VII. Links to Other Websites_**

This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to this Website, App, and the Company’s Services. It does not apply to any third-party sites, and the inclusion of a link does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.  
We are not responsible for the collection, usage and disclosure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as or any other app developers, app provider, social media platform providers, operating system providers, wireless service providers or device manufacturers, when you share your information, including any Personal Information, with those organizations through or in connection with use of the Website, app, or Services.

## **_VIII. Security_**

We maintain reasonable and appropriate, although not infallible, security precautions. However, we cannot guarantee that hackers or unauthorized personnel will not gain access to your Personal Information, despite our reasonable efforts. You should note that in using the Website, app, and/or our related Services, your information will travel through third-party infrastructures which are not under our control. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Service, or third party websites. Please feel free to raise any questions, concerns or specific directions you may have regarding the privacy and security of your information to info@theanswer.ai.

## **_IX. Do Not Track_**

Your browser setting may allow you to automatically transmit a "Do Not Track" signal to websites you visit. The Company’s Website does not respond to "Do Not Track" signals or other mechanisms from a visitor's browser. If, in the future, we create a program or protocol to respond to such web browser "Do Not Track" signals, we will inform you of the details of that protocol in this Privacy Policy. To find out more about "Do Not Track," please visit [https://www.allaboutdnt.com](https://www.allaboutdnt.com/).

## **_X. Advertising/Google Ads_**

On this Website, the Company has integrated Google Ads. Google Ads is a service for Internet advertising that allows the advertiser to place ads in Google search engine results and the Google advertising network. Google Ads allows an advertiser to pre-define specific keywords with the help of which an ad on Google’s search results only then displays when the user utilizes the search engine to retrieve a keyword-relevant search result. In the Google Advertising Network, the ads are distributed on relevant web pages using an automatic algorithm, taking into account the previously defined keywords.  
The operating company of Google Ads is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.  
The purpose of Google Ads is the promotion of our website by the inclusion of relevant advertising on the websites of third parties and in the search engine results of the search engine Google and an insertion of third-party advertising on our website.  
If a data subject reaches our website via a Google ad, a conversion cookie is filed on the information technology system of the data subject through Google. The definition of cookies is explained above. A conversion cookie loses its validity after 30 days and is not used to identify the data subject. If the cookie has not expired, the conversion cookie is used to check whether certain sub-pages, e.g, the shopping cart from an online shop system, were called up on our website. Through the conversion cookie, both Google and the controller can understand whether a person who reached a Google Ads ad on our website generated sales, that is, executed or canceled a sale of goods.  
The data and information collected through the use of the conversion cookie is used by Google to create visit statistics for our website. These visit statistics are used in order to determine the total number of users who have been served through Google Ads ads to ascertain the success or failure of each Google Ads ad and to optimize our Google Ads ads in the future. Neither our company nor other Google Ads advertisers receive information from Google that could identify the data subject.  
The conversion cookie stores personal information, e.g. the Internet pages visited by the data subject. Each time we visit our Internet pages, Personal Information, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, is transmitted to Google in the United States of America. Personal Information is stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these Personal Information collected through the technical procedure to third parties.  
The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies by our website, as stated above, by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from placing a conversion cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, a cookie set by Google Ads may be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs.  
The data subject has a possibility of objecting to the interest based advertisement of Google. Therefore, the data subject must access from each of the browsers in use the link www.google.com/settings/ads and set the desired settings.  
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.

## **_XI. Analytics_**

**\*Google Analytics\*\*\***.** We and our third-party tracking-utility partners use log files on our Service to automatically gather certain information, including but not limited to internet protocol (“IP”) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data, for analytics purposes. Specifically, we analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movements around the Website, and gather demographic information about our user base as a in the aggregate. We and our third party tracking-utility partners use log files on our Service to automatically gather certain information, including but not limited to internet protocol (“IP”) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data, for analytics purposes. Specifically, we analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movements around the Website, and gather demographic information about our user base as a in the aggregate.  
On this Website, the Company has integrated the component of Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed. Web analytics are mainly used for the optimization of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.  
The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.  
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google uses the collected data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our Website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our Internet site for us.  
Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyze the use of our website. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through Google Analytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google. During the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Google gains knowledge of Personal Information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.  
The cookie is used to store Personal Information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits to our Website by the data subject. With each visit to our Internet site, such Personal Information, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. Personal Information is stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these Personal Information collected through the technical procedure to third parties.  
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our Website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.  
In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that is generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this Website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. For this purpose, the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it. This browser add-on tells Google Analytics through a JavaScript, that any data and information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google. If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics. If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons.  
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. Google Analytics is further explained under the following Link [https://www.google.com/analytics/](https://www.google.com/analytics/). You may opt out by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).  
\***Facebook Analytics**_. The Company also utilizes Facebook Analytics, which allows us to analyze data, trends and charts related to your use of our Services, including but not limited to data related to your launching, viewing content, searching or purchasing.  
Facebook is a social network. A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.  
The operating company of Facebook is Meta Platforms, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States. If a person lives outside of the United States or Canada, the controller is Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.  
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component. An overview of all the Facebook Plug-ins may be accessed under https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. During the course of this technical procedure, Facebook is made aware of what specific part of the Website was visited by the data subject.  
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects with every call-up to our Website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Facebook buttons integrated into our Website, e.g. the “Like” button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then Facebook matches this information with the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.  
Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the call-up to our Website. This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If such a transmission of information to Facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Facebook account before a call-up to our Website is made.  
The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook. These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook.  
_**Flurry Analytics.**_ The Company may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system and version, and information about the way you use each application (for example the screens you visit and buttons you touch). Your usage data is aggregated and anonymized, which means we have no way through the information we collect to know which individual is using our Apps or what they are doing with it. We only know that someone is using our Apps and they are using it in a certain way.  
This service is provided by a company called Flurry Analytics. Flurry Analytics’ place of processing is in the USA. You herein agree to Flurry Analytics’ Privacy Policy ([https://legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html](https://legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html)), as referenced in its Terms of Service here, both of which are fully incorporated herein by reference: [https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/legal-privacy/terms-service/](https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/legal-privacy/terms-service/).  
_**Sentry Analytics.**_ The Company may process certain information automatically when errors occur while visiting our Website and share the information with sentry.io to track and efficiently correct errors. The information collected by sentry.io may include any or all of the following: encrypted IP address; the country the device is logged in from; page URL; browser and version; device type; URL of the website from which you were referred to our website; the timestamp of the error related event; and the operating system which you are using.  
You herein agree to the sentry.io Privacy Policy ([https://sentry.io/privacy/](https://sentry.io/privacy/)), as references in its Terms of Service ([https://sentry.io/terms/](https://sentry.io/terms/)), both of which are incorporated herein by reference.  
The operator of sentry.io is Functional Software, Inc. d/b/a Sentry, 45 Fremont Street, 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105\. ([https://sentry.io](https://sentry.io)).  
_**Datadog.\*\*\* The Company uses Datadog for engineering analytics, specifically logging and monitoring of the App’s performance. The information collected by Datadog may include any or all of the following: page speed, health, log files, and uptime status.  
You herein agree to the Datadog Privacy Policy ([www.datadoghq.com/legal/privacy/](http://www.datadoghq.com/legal/privacy/)), as referenced in its Terms of Use ([https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/terms/](https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/terms/)), both of which are incorporated herein by reference.  
The operator of Datadog is Datadog, Inc.,620 8th Avenue, 45th Floor, New York, NY 10018\.

## **_XII. Open ID Providers/Facebook Connect_**

You may log into your account on our Website and/or access our Services using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Information with us, such as your name and email address to pre-populate our registration form. Services, like Facebook Connect, give you the option to post information about your activities on this Website to your profile page to share with others within your network if you so choose.

## **_XIII. Public Forum on our Website_**

Our Website offers publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums to which you may contribute. You may submit ideas, photographs, user profiles, writings, music, video, audio recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, including Personal Information (collectively, "User Content"), such as on profiles, blogs and message boards. We or others may store, display, reproduce, publish, distribute or otherwise use User Content online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or hereafter developed), and may or may not attribute it to you.  
Please think carefully before deciding what information you share, including Personal Information, in connection with your User Content. Please note that the Company does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. Our promises regarding handling of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy do not apply to any information that you disclose publicly, share with others or otherwise upload onto the publicly available positions of our Website. We are not responsible for the accuracy, use, or misuse of any User Content that you disclose or receive from third parties through the Website.  
To request removal of your Personal Information from our blog or community forum, contact us at info@theanswer.ai. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information, especially if it was already re-posted by another user. If this is the case, we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why in response to your request.

## **_XIV. Referrals_**

If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services by email, we will ask for your friend’s email address, and send your friend a one-time email inviting them to visit our Website and inform them of our Services. We will only store your friend’s email address for the sole purpose of sending this one-time message and tracking the success of the referral program. Your friend may contact us at info@theanswer.ai to request that we remove this information from our database at any time.  
If you submit any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with our Services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## **_XV. Testimonials, Ratings and Reviews_**

If you submit testimonials, ratings, or reviews of the Services directly on our Website, any Personal Information you include will be displayed on the Website. We may also partner with third-party service providers to collect and display ratings and review content on our Website. If you provide our third-party service providers with your Personal Information in the process of submitting your rating and review, the content and Personal Information collected by a third party will be posted on our Website, absent your express instruction not to do so. If you want your testimonial, rating, or review removed from our Website at any time, please contact us at info@theanswer.ai.

## **_XVI. Changes_**

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason, at our sole discretion. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on our Website, and emailing you a copy of the revised Privacy Policy or a link to it. You are advised to consult our Website regularly for any changes.

## **_XVII. Incorporation into Terms of Service_**

By using or accessing the Website, App, or the Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy, and you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and as amended by us. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and considered a part of, the Company’s Terms of Service.

## **_XVIII. Opt-Out Policy_**

If, at any time after registering, you change your mind about receiving information from us or about the use of information volunteered by you, or if you prefer that we do not share your Personal Information with third parties for marketing purposes, please contact us at info@theanswer.ai.

## **_XIX. Contact Us_**

If you have any questions or concerns relating to our use of your Personal Information, please email info@theanswer.ai. Additionally, you may reach us by postal mail at:  
AnswerAI, Inc. 1116 Balboa St San Francisco, CA 94118
