---
title: Terms of Service
---

:::note Standard SaaS Terms Template
We're currently working on terms that live up to the values of our manifesto. In the meantime, here's the standard legalese that keeps the lawyers happy. 🤷‍♂️
:::

**_Introduction_**  
Thank you for choosing AnswerAI, Inc. (“Company”) for your business. The Company provides generative artificial intelligence (“AI”) services that offers a comprehensive solution for teams to train datasets, create contextually relevant prompts, and capitalize on their enterprise data (collectively, the "Services"), through its website located at https://theanswer.ai (“Website”) and/or mobile application (“App”).  
These Terms of Service (“Agreement,” or “Terms of Service”) apply to any use of and access to our Services and/or our Website or App by you and/or your agents (collectively, “you”). When you use our Services, you are agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, incorporated herein, as these documents contain important information regarding your legal rights and obligations.  
THIS DOCUMENT, THE TERMS OF SERVICE, IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND YOU WHICH GOVERNS YOUR USE OF THE COMPANY'S SERVICES, WEBSITE, AND APP. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES,WEBSITE, AND/OR APP CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF AND AGREEMENT TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND THE PRIVACY POLICY INCORPORATED HEREIN; AND YOUR REPRESENTATION THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 16 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER. IF YOU OBJECT TO ANYTHING IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO USE THE SERVICES. If you accept these Terms of Service and use the Services on behalf of a company, organization, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant to the Company that you have full power and authority to do so.  
**PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONTAIN PROVISIONS THAT GOVERN HOW YOU CAN BRING CLAIMS BETWEEN YOU AND THE COMPANY, INCLUDING THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BELOW**. THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OUTLINE HOW SUCH CLAIMS ARE RESOLVED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CLAIMS THAT AROSE OR WERE ASSERTED BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. PLEASE REVIEW THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT HEREIN CAREFULLY, AS IT REQUIRES YOU TO RESOLVE ALL DISPUTES WITH THE COMPANY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION. YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO SEEK RELIEF IN A COURT OF LAW AND TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL ON YOUR CLAIMS.  
**_Effective Date._** This Agreement is effective (“Effective Date”) on the date you first access or use the Services and/or the Website, whichever is earlier. Company may amend this Agreement related to its Services from time to time. Amendments will be effective upon the posting of such updated Terms of Service at this location. Your continued access or use of the Services after such posting constitutes your consent to be bound by the Terms of Service.  
**_End User License Agreement._** The following provisions govern the use of the Company's App:  
● You understand and intend that this Agreement is a legally binding agreement and the equivalent of a signed, written contract;  
● You will use the App in a manner consistent with applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with the terms and conditions in this Agreement as it may be amended by the Company from time to time; and  
● You understand, accept, and have received this Agreement and its terms and conditions, and acknowledge and demonstrate that you can access this Agreement.  
If you do not agree with the terms and conditions in this Agreement, please discontinue all further use of the App.  
· _The Company's License to You._ The Company grants you a single, non-exclusive, non-transferable and limited personal license to access and use the App. This license is conditioned on your continued compliance with the terms and conditions in this Agreement. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, transfer, redistribute, or sublicense the App and, if you sell or otherwise transfer a device on which the application is installed to a third party, you must remove the App from such device before doing so. You may not copy, decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the App, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent that any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any open-sourced components included with the App).  
· _Your License to the Company._ Any communications or material of any kind that you email, post, or otherwise transmit to the Company using the App, including data, questions, comments, or suggestions (your "Communications") will become the property of the Company. You hereby grant a license to the Company to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in your Communications for any purpose including, but not limited to, developing and marketing products using such information.  
· _Electronic Signatures._ You agree to be bound by any affirmance, assent, or agreement you transmit to the Company using the App, including but not limited to any consent you give to receive communications from the Company solely through electronic transmission. You agree that, when in the future you click on an "I agree," "I consent" or other similarly worded "button" or entry field in the App, your agreement or consent will be legally binding and enforceable and the legal equivalent of your handwritten signature. Furthermore, you hereby waive any rights or requirements under any laws or regulations in any jurisdiction that require an original (non-electronic) signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records, to the extent permitted under applicable law.  
· _Carrier Charges._ Company does not charge for the App, but your carrier's data rates may apply to your use of the App.  
· _Use of the Company Services_. In addition to all provisions set forth elsewhere in the Terms of Service, the following requirements apply to your use of the App:

-   You will not collect or store personal data about other users of the App.
-   You will not use the App for any commercial purpose not expressly approved by the Company in writing.
-   You will not upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any material that contains viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs which might interrupt, limit, or interfere with the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
-   You agree to comply with all applicable laws when accessing or using the Services, and you may only access or use the Services for lawful purpose.

· _Security of Data Transmission and Storage._ Electronic communications using the App may not always be encrypted. You acknowledge that there is a risk that data, including email, electronic communications, and personal data, may be accessed by unauthorized third parties when communicated between you and the Company or between you and other parties. Company and its affiliates, and agents are permitted, but not obligated, to review or retain your Communications. The Company may monitor your Communications to evaluate the quality of service you receive, your compliance with the Agreement, the security of the Website and/or App, to ensure compliance with existing laws or regulations, or as necessary to investigate or resolve a complaint, dispute or conflict. You agree that such monitoring activities will not entitle you to any cause of action or other right with respect to the manner in which the Company or its affiliates or agents monitor your Communications and enforces or fails to enforce the terms of the Agreement. In no event will the Company or any of its affiliates or agents be liable for any costs, damages, expenses, or any other liabilities incurred by you as a result of monitoring activities by the Company or its affiliates or agents.  
· _Hyperlinks._ The App may contain links to other sites. The Company does not control such other sites, and the Company and its affiliates and agents make no representations whatsoever concerning the content, accuracy, security or privacy of those sites. The fact that the Company has provided a link to a site is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation with respect to such site, its owners or its providers. There are risks in using any information, software, or products found on the Internet, and the Company cautions you to make sure you understand these risks before retrieving, using, relying upon, or purchasing anything via the Internet. You agree that under no circumstances will you hold the Company or its affiliates or agents liable for any loss or damage caused by use of or reliance on any content, goods, or services available on other sites.  
· _Ownership Rights._ The Company's Services and all rights therein are and shall remain the property of the Company or its licensors and is protected by United States copyright and trade secret laws and international treaty provisions. All content, trademarks, services marks, trade names, logos, and icons are proprietary to the Company or its affiliates or agents. Nothing in this Agreement nor your use of the Services convey or grant to you any rights in or related to the Services except for the limited use license granted herein. Nothing contained in the App should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed in the App without the written permission of the Company or such third party that may own the trademarks displayed in the App. Your use of the trademarks displayed in the App, or any other content in the App, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited. Images displayed through the App are either the property of, or used with permission by the Company or its affiliates or agents. You are prohibited from using or authorizing the use of these images unless specifically permitted under the Agreement. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, or other regulations and statutes.  
· _Generated Content._ You may provide your content to the Services to receive content generated by the Services based on your content (“Generated Content”). You will retain ownership of all Generated Content, subject to applicable law. Company assigns to you all of its right, title, and interest in and to Generated Content, as long as you comply with the terms of this Agreement. The Company may use the Generated Content to provide and maintain the Services, as well as to comply with applicable law and enforce Company policies. However, you are solely responsible for the Generated Content, including ensuring that it does not violate any applicable laws or the terms of this Agreement.  
**_Fees_**. Upon notice to you, the Company may increase any fees specified in connection with its Services. Fees do not include any taxes, levies, duties or similar governmental assessments of any nature, including, for example, value-added, sales, use or withholding taxes, accessible by any jurisdiction (collectively, "Taxes"). You are responsible for paying all Taxes associated with purchases and transactions under this Agreement.  
As mentioned in the Privacy Policy, which is fully incorporated by reference herein, the Company uses a third party payment processor, Stripe, Inc. (“Stripe”), to process payments on its Website or App for Services rendered. Stripe uses and processes your payment information in accordance with Stripe's Privacy Policy (https://stripe.com/privacy/). The Company does not store or save your payment information, other than your zip code and country, which we require for billing and to comply with tax and other government regulations. By purchasing the Services of the Company, you herein agree to the Privacy Policy and Legal Terms of Stripe.com, located at [https://stripe.com/privacy/](https://stripe.com/privacy/) and [https://stripe.com/legal](https://stripe.com/legal).  
**You may pay by credit card by way of the Company's third-party payment processor, Stripe. You agree not to file a credit or debit card chargeback with regard to any amount of fees charged in connection with the Services. Instead, you agree to abide by the dispute resolution procedures outlined herein, below.**  
**_Account_**. By creating an online account with the Company on its App or Website ("Account"), you are granted a right to use the Services provided by the Company subject to the restrictions set forth in these Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy, incorporated by reference herein.  
Our Account registration process will ask you for information including your name, email and or physical address, phone number, etc. ("Personal Information") and the use of such Personal Information will be subject to our Privacy Policy. By registering for an Account, you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the registration process. You further agree that you will not knowingly omit or misrepresent any material facts or information, and that you will promptly enter corrected or updated information in your Account, or notify us in writing regarding your corrected or updated information.  
We may verify your provided information, as required for your use of and access to the Services. You agree to maintain your Account solely for your own use. You agree that you will not allow another person to use your Account. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate the Account of any User who provides inaccurate, untrue, or incomplete information, or who fails to comply with the account registration requirements.  
You are solely and entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account, and for any charges, damages, liabilities or losses incurred or suffered as a result of your failure to do so. Furthermore, you are solely and entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your Account, including any charges incurred relating to the Services.  
The Company is not liable for any harm caused by or related to the theft of your Account, your disclosure of your Account, or your authorization to allow another person to access or use the Services using your Account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your Account or any other breach of security known to you. You acknowledge that the complete privacy of your data and messages transmitted while using the Services and/or the Website or App cannot be guaranteed in the event of breach.  
**_Links to Third-Party Accounts._** As part of the functionality of the Services, and pursuant to our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein, we offer you the option to link your Account with online accounts you may have with third parties such as Facebook, Google, etc. ("Third Party Account") by either: (i) providing your Third Party Account login information through the Services; or (ii) allowing the Company to access your Third Party Account, as is permitted under the applicable terms and conditions that govern your use of each Third Party Account.  
You represent that you own and are entitled to disclose your Third Party Account login information to the Company and/or grant the Company access to your Third Party Account (including, but not limited to, for use for the purposes described herein), without breach by you of any of the terms and conditions that govern your use of the applicable Third Party Account. The Company will not pay any fees or be subject to any usage limitations imposed by such third party service providers.  
By granting the Company access to any Third Party Accounts, you understand that (i) the Company may access, make available and store (if applicable) any content that you have provided to and stored in your Third Party Account (the "SNS Content") so that it is available on and through the Services via your Account, including without limitation any friend lists, and (ii) the Company may submit and receive additional information to your Third Party Account to the extent you are notified when you link your Account with the Third Party Account. Please note that if a Third Party Account or associated service becomes unavailable or the Company's access to such Third Party Account is terminated by the third party service provider, then SNS Content may no longer be available on and through the Services.  
Depending on the Third Party Accounts you choose to link with the Website, and subject to the privacy settings that you have set in the Third Party Accounts, personally identifiable information that you post to your Third Party Accounts may be available on and through your Account on the Website or App. Depending on your privacy settings, the Company may access your contacts associated with a Third Party Account, solely for the purposes of identifying and informing you of those contacts who have also registered to use the Services and/or Website or App, unless you expressly tell us not to do so in writing.  
Finally, you will have the ability to disable the connection between your Account and your Third Party Accounts at any time. PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR THIRD PARTY ACCOUNTS IS GOVERNED SOLELY BY YOUR AGREEMENT(S) WITH SUCH THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS. The Company makes no effort to review SNS Content by any Third Party Accounts for any purpose, including but not limited to, for accuracy, legality or non-infringement, and the Company is not responsible for any SNS Content by Third Party Accounts.  
**_Prohibited Uses_**. You may use the Services and/or Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Services. You agree NOTnot to use the Services and/or Website or App:

-   Disclose, distribute, transmit, or make available any Generated Content obtained through the Services to any third party, except as required by law or with Company's prior written consent.
-   Access or use the content in order to build a similar or competitive service or product.
-   In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local, or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
-   To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Services and/or Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm the Company or users of the Services and/or Website or App, or expose them to liability.
-   Use the Services and/or Website or App in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party's use of the Website or App, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website.
-   Use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access the Services and/or Website or App for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website or App.
-   Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Services and/or Website, or for any other purpose not expressly authorized in these Terms of Services, without our prior written consent.
-   Use any device, software, or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Services and/or Website or App.
-   Introduce any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful.
-   Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of the Website or App, the server on which the Website or App is stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to the Services and/or Website.
-   Attack the Services and/or Website or App via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
-   Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website or App.

**_Termination._** The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your limited use license for Company's Services if you violate these Terms of Service or for any reason or no reason at any time, including the suspension of your access to Website or App, and your Account if you: (a) have violated the terms of these Terms of Service, any other agreement you have with the Company; (b) pose an unacceptable credit or fraud risk to us or Users; (c) provide any false, incomplete, inaccurate, or misleading information or otherwise engage in fraudulent or illegal conduct; or (d) for any other reason in the Company's sole discretion.  
If your Account is terminated or suspended for any reason or no reason, you agree: (a) to continue to be bound by these Terms of Service; (b) to immediately stop using the Services, (c) that any licenses granted to you under these Terms of Service shall end; (d) that we reserve the right (but have no obligation) to hide or delete all of your information and account data stored on our servers, in accordance with the Privacy Policy; and (e) that the Company shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination or suspension of access to the Services or for deletion or hiding of your information or account data. You agree that the Company may retain and use your information and account data as needed to comply with investigations and applicable law, and as indicated in the Company's Privacy Policy.  
However, we will not be liable to you for compensation, reimbursement, or damages in connection with your use of the Services, or in connection with any termination or suspension of the Services. Any termination of these Terms of Service does not relieve you of any obligations to pay any Fees or costs accrued prior to the termination and any other amounts owed by you to us, as provided in these Terms of Service.  
**_Fees/Payment Processing._** Users of the Services will be required to provide their credit card or bank account details to the Company vis a vis its third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process payment(s). The Company collects, analyzes and relays information to allow the service provider, Stripe, to process these payment(s).  
You authorize us to process payment(s) for the Services, using the payment information you have supplied. Specifically, you will be required to provide your credit card or bank account details to the Company and/or the third-party service provider, Stipe, and/or register with the third-party service provider, Stripe, to process payment(s) for the Services. You agree to provide the Company and/or the third-party service provider, Stripe, with accurate and complete information about you and/or your business; and you authorize the Company to share it and any transaction information related to your use of the Services and/or Website with the third-party service provider, Stripe, for the purpose of processing payment(s), including but not limited to the service fees owed to Company for the use of the Service.  
The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion (but not the obligation), to: (i) place on hold any payment and out of pocket expenses; and/or (ii) refund, provide credits or arrange for the third-party service provider to do so, as necessary.  
If you believe a payment has been processed in error, you must provide written notice to the Company and Stripe within thirty (30) days after the date of payment specifying the nature of the error and the amount in dispute. If notice is not received by the Company and Stripe within such thirty (30) day period, the payment will be deemed final and valid.  
The Company is not liable for any losses relating to chargebacks, fraudulent charges, or other actions by any User that are deceptive, fraudulent or otherwise invalid. By using the Services, you hereby release the Company from any liability arising from fraudulent actions. You will also use best efforts to promptly notify the Company of any fraudulent actions which may affect the Services. The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the account of any User that engages in, or enables any other User to engage in, fraudulent actions.  
While the Company takes what it believes to be reasonable efforts to ensure secure transmission of your information to Stripe, the third-party service provider that assesses and processes payment(s), the Company is not responsible for any fees or charges assessed by Stripe or any other third party service providers it may use to do business online, or any errors in the processing of payment(s) by Stripe or any such third party service providers, including any errors that result from third-party negligence, improper transmission of payment information, your mistaken submission of payment information, or your submission of erroneous payment information. Your sole recourse is with Stripe, the third-party service provider which processed the payment(s).  
**_Links to Other Websites._** As described in the Privacy Policy, incorporated herein, the Services may contain links to third-party websites, such as but not limited to Google, Facebook, Twitter, etc., that are not owned or controlled by the Company. The Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites. In addition, the Company will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. By using the Services, you expressly relieve the Company from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website that is referenced or linked on our Website.  
**_Links to this Website._** We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable, personal, and non-transferable license to create hyperlinks to the Website and/or Services, so long as: (a) the links only incorporate text, and do not use any trademarks, (b) the links and the content on your website do not suggest any affiliation with the Company or cause any other confusion, and (c) the links and the content on your website do not portray the Company or its products or Services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter, and do not contain content that is unlawful, offensive, obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, threatening, harassing, or abusive, or that violate any right of any third party or are otherwise objectionable to the Company. The Company reserves the right to suspend or prohibit linking to the Website and/or Services for any reason, in its sole discretion, without advance notice or any liability of any kind to you or any third party.  
**_Intellectual Property Rights._** As discussed in the Company's Privacy Policy, incorporated herein, the Company owns all right, title and interest in and to the Services, the Company data and Aggregated Data, including, without limitation, all intellectual property rights therein. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted to you under this Agreement and the Privacy Policy, the Company reserves all rights, title and interest in and to the Services, the Company data and Aggregated Data, including, without limitation, all related intellectual property rights. The Company's service marks, logos and product and service names are owned by the Company. You agree not to display or use any of the Company marks in any manner without the Company's express prior written permission.  
In addition, any trademarks, service marks and logos associated with a third party offering may be the property of the third-party provider, and you should consult with their trademark guidelines before using any of their marks.  
Any information and data that you submit to the Website or in connection with the Services must not violate the intellectual property rights of third parties.  
Finally, as specified in the Company's Privacy Policy, you grant us a license to use your customer feedback in connection with providing the Services and for general marketing purposes, unless you notify us otherwise in writing.  
**_No Submission of Unsolicited Ideas and/or Materials._** In your communications with the Company, please keep in mind that we do not seek any unsolicited ideas or materials for products or services, or even suggested improvements to products or services, including, without limitation, ideas, concepts, inventions, or designs for music, websites, apps, books, scripts, screenplays, motion pictures, television shows, theatrical productions, software or otherwise (collectively, "Unsolicited Ideas and Materials"). Any Unsolicited Ideas and Materials you post on or send to us via the Website are deemed User Content and licensed to us as set forth below. In addition, Company retains all of the rights held by members of the general public with regard to your Unsolicited Ideas and Materials. The Company's receipt of your Unsolicited Ideas and Materials is not an admission by the Company of their novelty, priority, or originality, and it does not impair the Company's right to contest existing or future intellectual property rights relating to your Unsolicited Ideas and Materials.  
**_DMCA Notice._** The Company will respond appropriately to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), as set forth below. If you own a copyright in a work (or represent such a copyright owner) and believe that your (or such owner's) copyright in that work has been infringed by an improper posting or distribution of it via the Service, then you may send us a written notice that includes all of the following:  
(i) a legend or subject line that says: "DMCA Copyright Infringement Notice";  
(ii) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works;  
(iii) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing or is the subject of infringing activity is located that is reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material (please include the URL of the Website on which the material appears);  
(iv) your full name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address;  
(v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;  
(vi) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that all the information in your notice is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner (or, if you are not the copyright owner, then your statement must indicate that you are authorized to act on the behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed); and  
(vii) your electronic or physical signature.  
The Company will only respond to DMCA Notices that it receives by mail, e-mail, or facsimile at the addresses set forth in the "Notice" section of this Agreement.  
It is often difficult to determine if your copyright has been infringed. The Company may elect to not respond to DMCA Notices that do not substantially comply with all of the foregoing requirements, and the Company may elect to remove allegedly infringing material that comes to its attention via notices that do not substantially comply with the DMCA.  
Please note that the DMCA provides that any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.  
We may send the information that you provide in your notice to the person who provided the allegedly infringing work. That person may elect to send us a DMCA Counter-Notification. Without limiting the Company's other rights, the Company may, in appropriate circumstances, terminate a repeat infringer's access to the Services, Website, and/or any other website owned or operated by the Company.  
**_Counter-Notification._** If access on the Website to a work that you submitted to the Company is disabled or the work is removed as a result of a DMCA Notice, and if you believe that the disabled access or removal is the result of mistake or misidentification, then you may send us a DMCA Counter-Notification to the addresses above. Your DMCA Counter-Notification should contain the following information:  
(i) a legend or subject line that says: "DMCA Counter-Notification";  
(ii) a description of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled (please include the URL of the Website from which the material was removed or access to it disabled);  
(iii) a statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled;  
(iv) your full name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and the username of your account;  
(v) a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located (or, if the address is located outside the U.S.A., to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Central District of California), and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided DMCA notification to us or an agent of such person; and  
(vi) your electronic or physical signature.  
Please note that the DMCA provides that any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to liability.  
If we receive a DMCA Counter-Notification, then we may replace the material that we removed (or stop disabling access to it) in not less than ten (10) and not more than fourteen (14) business days following receipt of the DMCA Counter-Notification. However, we will not do this if we first receive notice at the addresses above that the party who sent us the DMCA Copyright Infringement Notice has filed a lawsuit asking a court for an order restraining the person who provided the material from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on the Service. You should also be aware that we may forward the Counter-Notification to the party who sent us the DMCA Copyright Infringement Notice.  
**_Data Ownership and Usage_**. As specified in the Company's Privacy Policy, incorporated herein, we will own all Aggregated Data, and the Privacy Policy will govern how we collect and use Personal Information that is submitted through the Services. By accessing or using the Services, you agree that you have read and accept our Privacy Policy.  
You may provide your content to the Services to receive content generated by the Services based on your content (“Generated Content”). You will retain ownership of all Generated Content, subject to applicable law. Company assigns to you all of its right, title, and interest in and to Generated Content, as long as you comply with the terms of this Agreement.  
The Company may use the Generated Content to provide and maintain the Services, as well as to comply with applicable law and enforce Company policies. However, you are solely responsible for the Generated Content, including ensuring that it does not violate any applicable laws or the terms of this Agreement.  
As explained in our Privacy Policy, we have controls in place to prevent outside parties from stealing or accessing your data and Personal Information, but they are not foolproof. Please exercise caution when disclosing any Personal Information while using our Website or App. We will notify one another if either of us becomes aware that your data and/or Personal Information has been compromised.  
You are solely responsible for resolving disputes regarding ownership or access to your data, including those involving any current or former owners, co-owners, employees or contractors of your business. You acknowledge and agree that the Company has no obligation whatsoever to resolve or intervene in such disputes.  
**_Personal Information_**. As outlined in the Company's Privacy Policy, incorporated herein, we will protect your Personal Information and disclose it only in a limited number of circumstances. We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to thwart those measures, or use your Personal Information for improper purposes. You acknowledge that you provide your Personal Information at your own risk.  
**_HIPAA._** Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ("HIPAA") imposes rules to protect certain personal health information. You should not share any protected health information, or any information that relates to the past, present or future physical or mental health or condition of an individual; the provision of health care to an individual; or the past, present or future payment for the provision of health care to an individual. The Services and this Website are not intended to be used to communicate protected health information, nor comply with HIPAA. If you do share any protected health information, you do so at your own risk.  
**_Disclaimer/No Warranties._** TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES AND/OR THIS WEBSITE.  
THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND/OR THIS WEBSITE WILL BE SECURE, TIMELY, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT THE SERVICES ARE OR WILL REMAIN UPDATED, COMPLETE OR CORRECT, OR THAT THE SERVICES AND/OR WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE SYSTEMS THAT MAKE THE SERVICES AVAILABLE (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE INTERNET, OTHER TRANSMISSION NETWORKS, AND YOUR LOCAL NETWORK AND EQUIPMENT) WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.  
THE SERVICES AND ANY PRODUCTS AND THIRD PARTY MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS AND SOLELY FOR YOUR USE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT.  
ALL DISCLAIMERS OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING IN THIS SECTION AND ELSEWHERE IN THIS AGREEMENT) ARE MADE ON BEHALF OF BOTH THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, CONTRACTORS, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS (COLLECTIVELY, THE "COMPANY PARTIES").  
**_Indemnification._** You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Company from and against any and all third party claims, lawsuits, and liabilities alleged or asserted against any of the Company or its employees, and all related charges, damages and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising from or relating to: (a) any actual or alleged breach of any provisions of this Agreement; (b) any actual or alleged violation by you, an affiliate, or end user of the intellectual property, copyright, trade secret, privacy or other rights of the Company or a third party; and (c) any dispute between you and another party regarding ownership of or access to your data or the data uploaded by you to Company's system or Personal Information submitted to the Company via its Website or App.  
**_No Liability_**. THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY AND WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSS CAUSED, OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED, BY THE TRANSMISSION OF CARDHOLDER DATA PRIOR TO ITS ENCRYPTION AND RECEIPT BY STRIPE, THE COMPANY'S THIRD-PARTY PAYMENT PROCESSOR. THE EXCLUDED DAMAGES WILL INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RESULTING FROM FRAUD, EMBEZZLEMENT, THEFT, IDENTITY THEFT, OR INVASION OF PRIVACY.  
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY PARTIES' AGGREGATE LIABILITY, COLLECTIVELY, FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE FEES PAID PRECEDING THE DATE OF THE INCIDENT. ALL LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING IN THIS SECTION AND ELSEWHERE IN THIS AGREEMENT) APPLY WITH RESPECT TO BOTH THE COMPANY AND THE COMPANY PARTIES.  
IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED, OR FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, DATA OR OPPORTUNITIES, COST OF DATA RECONSTRUCTION, COST OR PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE SERVICES OR THIRD PARTY OFFERINGS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, ANY INTERRUPTION, INACCURACY, ERROR OR OMISSION, EVEN IF THE COMPANY, ITS LICENSORS OR SUBCONTRACTORS HAVE BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES.  
THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY THAT MAY ARISE BETWEEN USERS RELATED TO OR ARISING FROM USE OF THE SERVICES. YOU HEREBY RELEASE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, DAMAGES (ACTUAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, CONTINGENT OR LIQUIDATED, ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO ANY DISPUTE OR INTERACTIONS WITH ANY OTHER USER, WHETHER ONLINE OR IN PERSON, WHETHER RELATED TO THE PROVISION OF SERVICES OR OTHERWISE.  
THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  
**_Choice of Law._** These Terms of Service and the relationship between you and the Company shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions.  
**_Dispute Resolution._**

-   **_Informal Dispute Resolution_**. We want to address your concerns without needing a formal legal case. Before filing a claim against the Company, you agree to make a good faith attempt to resolve the dispute informally before taking formal legal action against the Company. Notice of such claims or disputes should be submitted via email to info@theanswer.ai. Upon receipt of notice of such claim or dispute, Company agrees to engage in informal dispute resolutions within 15 days of its receipt of written notice of the claim or dispute. If a dispute is not resolved within 15 days after submission, you may bring a formal proceeding.
-   **_We Both Agree To Arbitrate_**. You and the Company agree to resolve any disputes through final and binding arbitration on an individual basis, except as set forth under "Exceptions to Agreement" to Arbitrate below.
-   **_Opt-out of Agreement to Arbitrate_**. You can decline this agreement to arbitrate by contacting info@theanswer.ai within 30 days of first accepting these Terms of Service and stating that you (include your first and last name) decline this arbitration agreement.
-   **_Arbitration Procedures:_** The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will administer the arbitration under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes. The arbitration will be held in San Francisco, California, or any other location we agree to.
-   **_Arbitration Fees_**. The AAA rules will govern payment of all arbitration fees. The Company will pay all arbitration fees for claims less than $75,000. The Company will not seek its attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous.
-   **_Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate_**. Either you or the Company may assert claims, if they qualify, in small claims court in San Francisco (CA) or any United States county where you live or work. Either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Company's products or the Company Service, or infringement of intellectual property rights (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or patent rights) without first engaging in arbitration or the informal dispute-resolution process described above.
-   **_No Class Actions_**. You may only resolve Disputes with the Company on an individual basis, and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations aren't allowed under this Agreement.
-   **_Judicial Forum for Disputes_**. In the event that the agreement to arbitrate is found not to apply to you or your claim, you and the Company agree that any judicial proceeding (other than small claims actions) will be brought in the federal or state courts of San Francisco County, California. Both you and the Company consent to venue and personal jurisdiction there. We both agree to waive our right to a jury trial.

**_Miscellaneous Provisions_**

-   **_Relationship of the Parties._** This Agreement does not, and will not be construed to, create any partnership, joint venture, employer-employee, agency or franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and the Company.
-   **_Entire Agreement._** These Terms of Service and Privacy Policy referenced herein constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company concerning the subject matter herein and the use of the Services and/or Website. They supersede any and all previous agreements, written or oral, between you and the Company, including previous versions of these Terms of Service and/or Privacy Policy.
-   **_Modification._** The Company reserves the right, at its sole and absolute discretion, to change, modify, add to, supplement or delete any of these Terms of Service and/or Privacy Policy, and any and all referenced and/or incorporated exhibits or policies, programs and guidelines. The Company will post the updated terms to this page and endeavor to notify you of any material changes by email, but will not be liable for any failure to do so. If any future changes to these Terms of Service and/or Privacy Policy are unacceptable to you or cause you to no longer be in compliance with these Terms of Service, you must terminate, and immediately stop using, the Services. Your continued use of the Services following any revision to these Terms of Service constitutes your complete and irrevocable acceptance of any and all such changes.
-   **_Assignment._** The Company may assign these Terms of Service and/or Privacy Policy in whole or part at any time. However, you may not assign, delegate or transfer this Agreement in whole or in part, without the Company's prior written consent.
-   **_No Waiver._** Any failure of the Company to enforce or exercise a right provided in these Terms of Service and/or the Privacy Policy is not a waiver of that right.
-   **_Severability._** Should any provision of these Terms of Service be found invalid or unenforceable, the remaining terms shall still apply.
-   **_Force Majeure._** Neither Party will be liable for any failure or delay in performance under this Agreement (other than for delay in the payment of money due and payable hereunder) for causes beyond that Party's reasonable control and occurring without that Party's fault or negligence, including, but not limited to, acts of God, acts of government, flood, fire, civil unrest, acts of terror, strikes or other labor problems (other than those involving the Company's or your employees, respectively), computer attacks (by government/nation entities or otherwise) or malicious acts, such as attacks on or through the Internet, any Internet service provider, telecommunications or hosting facility. Dates by which performance obligations are scheduled to be met will be extended for a period of time equal to the time lost due to any delay so caused.
-   **_Electronic Communications and Signatures._** You agree to the use of electronic communication in order to enter into agreements and place orders, and to the electronic delivery of notices, policies and records of transactions initiated or completed through the Services. Furthermore, you hereby waive any rights or requirements under any laws or regulations in any jurisdiction that require an original (non-electronic) signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records, to the extent permitted under applicable law.
-   **_Notices._** Any notices provided by the Company under this Agreement and/or the Privacy Policy may be delivered to you to the email address(es) we have on file for your Account. You hereby consent to receive notice from us through the foregoing means, and such notices will be deemed effective when sent if on a business day, and if not sent on a business day then on the next business day. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, any notices to the Company under this Agreement must be delivered either via email to info@theanswer.ai or via first class registered U.S. mail, overnight courier, to: AnswerAI, Inc., 1116 Balboa St San Francisco, CA 94118\.

I HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE FOREGOING TERMS OF SERVICE, WHICH INCLUDE FULLY BY REFERENCE THE ARBITRATION PROVISION HEREIN, THE COMPANY'S PRIVACY POLICY, AND THE COMPANY'S EULA, AND AGREE THAT MY USE OF THE WEBSITE, APP, AND/OR COMPANY'S SERVICES IS AN ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF MY AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND THE COMPANY'S PRIVACY POLICY AND EULA INCORPORATED HEREIN.
